today I'm going to make for you a really
delicious chinese-american classic dish
General Tso's chicken and to make it
even better it's going to be lighter
than the original so you have to feel
zero guilt when you're eating it
slice four cloves of garlic then you're
going to make your sauce I have in this
bowl 1/2 a cup of water and to that add
1 tablespoon of cornstarch the
cornstarch adds thickness to your sauce
so whisk that in then add one pound of
snow peas and add your garlic then 2
teaspoons of peeled and grated or minced
ginger 3 tablespoons of light brown
sugar General Tso's chicken does have a
tendency to be quite sweet it's not even
an authentic Chinese recipe I don't know
if you guys know this but it was
invented in the United States for the
American consumer in the 1970s add 2
tablespoons of soy sauce mmm
to measure carefully and a half a
teaspoon of hot pepper flakes you can
also use fresh chilies in this recipe if
you want to okay
that's the veg portion now for the
chicken portion this is 2 egg whites I
just like to whisk them to break them up
a little bit - they're not all clumped
together and then add 3 tablespoons of
corn starch this corn starts just going
to coat your chicken and make it golden
brown as I'm whisking this together I'm
reminded of this dish that I used to
make when I first moved to New York my
brother taught me this dish this is a
pound of chicken he taught me this dish
I loved it so much I probably ate it
like three times a week coat you're 1
pound of skinless boneless chicken
breast in your cornstarch mixture season
it was half a teaspoon of salt and a
quarter teaspoon of pepper make sure
that your chicken is nicely coated in
your egg mixture then heat your pan over
medium-high heat and then add a
tablespoon of vegetable oil once the pan
is hot enough you can add your chicken
don't crowd your pan because otherwise
it won't get golden brown so if you need
to do it in three batches do it in three
batches you
to cook these until the chicken is
cooked through and they're nice and
golden-brown that should take five six
to eight minutes the cornstarch and egg
white coating is giving it a nice
crispness without a lot of fat it's kind
of amazing actually you can do this with
other cuts of meat too if you wanted to
you want to make sure that your chicken
is nice and firm when you touch it and
that it's completely opaque throughout I
use the ultra specific technique of
touching it with my hand see if it's
firm I highly recommend that as they're
done you can set them aside on a plate
and now you can add your snow pea
mixture the liquid might splatter with
the fat in the pan so step back cook
your snow peas until they're bright
green and the sauce thickens a little
bit cover it up just for a couple
minutes till they get nice and bright
green I'm getting excited are you
getting excited gonna be delish I like
to uncover them stir them around a
little bit as they're cooking because
the pan is pretty full right you don't
want them to cook unevenly they'll take
about three to five minutes depending on
how crisp you want them how soft you
want them that looks pretty good to me
I'm going to add the chicken back in
with any juices that have accumulated on
the plate toss it around this is just to
heat it through coat the chicken with
any sauce that's in the pan if you're a
real sauce person and you want tons of
sauce to like drizzle into your rice you
could double the soft ingredients the
water cornstarch soy sauce all of that
and that's it really fast I mean I'm not
gonna say that it's totally authentic
but you know what the dish isn't totally
authentic to begin with so who cares
it's totally authentically delicious
lots of vegetables crispy chicken sweet
and spicy sauce serve it with some brown
rice and enjoy it's lighter General
Tso's chicken at
you
hi guys thanks for watching this video
be sure to click here if you want to
subscribe and click over here if you
want to continue watching more great
videos like this